site/content/_index.md, before:

---
title: Great coffee sampled
subtitle: We taste and review them
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
  heading: Why sampleroast?
  text: >-
    At sampleroast we believe finding great coffee shouldn't be a guessing
    game.  We taste the latest offerings, from roasters around the country, and
    review them for you.
intro:
  heading: What we offer
  text: >-
    sampleroast is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to expand their
    knowledge of coffee. We take coffee production, roasting and brewing
    seriously and we’re glad to pass that knowledge to anyone.
products:
  - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
    text: >-
      View our knowledge base for coffee articles.  Expand your knowledge of
      coffee processing, roasting and brewing.
  - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
    text: >-
      We offer a small, but carefully curated selection of brewing gear and
      tools for every taste and experience level. No matter if you roast your
      own beans or just bought your first french press, you’ll find a gadget to
      fall in love with in our shop.
values:
  heading: Our values
  text: >-
    Coffee has the power to bring people together.   At sampleroast, we want to
    share coffee knowledge and foster a joint love for coffee and community.
---

Commit message:

modified:   site/content/_index.md 	modified:   site/content/reviews/sample-review.md 	modified:   site/layouts/partials/2-up.html 	modified:   site/layouts/partials/article.html 	modified:   site/layouts/partials/footer.html 	modified:   site/layouts/reviews/list.html

site/content/_index.md, after:

---
title: Great coffee sampled
image: /img/home-jumbotron.jpg
blurb:
  heading: What is SampleRoast?
  text: >-
    At SampleRoast we believe finding great coffee shouldn't be a guessing
    game.  We taste the latest offerings, from roasters around the country, and review them for you.
intro:
  heading: We love great coffee!
  text: >-
    SampleRoast was created on the simple premise that great coffee should be shared.  By tasting coffees and sharing our reviews, we hope to expand coffee knowledge everywhere. 
reviews:
  - image: img/illustrations-coffee.svg
    heading: Balanced and fair
    text: >-
      We review coffees in accordance with SCA cupping guidelines.  Coffees submited for review are cupped blind in order to avoid potential bias.  We take fairness and objectivity seriously.
  - image: /img/illustrations-coffee-gear.svg
    heading: Passion for coffee
    text: >-
      Our cuppers have a combined total of 50 years of experiance in the coffee industry.  We've cupped thousands of samples and hope to use that knowledge to help you find your perfect cup.
knowledge:
  heading: More than just coffee reviews
  text: >-
    SampleRoast is the ultimate spot for coffee lovers who want to expand their
    knowledge of coffee.  We take coffee farming, processing, roasting, and brewing
    seriously.  Check out the Knowledge section for our latest coffee articles. 
values:
  heading: Our values
  text: >-
    We believe coffee has the power to bring people together.   At SampleRoast, our aim is to share coffee 
    knowledge in order foster love for coffee, the craft, and the community.
---
